

farmkey = 0

def first_story():
  print("""You are in the midst of a uniquely unremarkable city afront rows of monotonously lifeless and dilapidated wood buildings mirrored across 
the opposite side of an appropriately dull beaten dirt path.
It seems the term lifeless not only fits the description of the tired architecture as you have yet to see even a rat scurry along the road. 
The only thing that stands out amongst the infinite span of the somber town is the dense and towering wall of forestry up ahead. 
I suppose something is better than nothing you tell yourself. 
However, even at a distance, you can pick up the palpable feeling of a most vile evil befalling the forest.""")
  First = input("What would you like to do. Type help if you have no clue whats going on.").lower()  
  first = {"n": north2, "w": west2, "e": east2, "s": south2, "look": look2, "help": help2}
  first[First]()

def forest_floor():
  print("You stand in a forest")
  First = input("What would you like to do. Type help if you have no clue whats going on.").lower()  
  first = {"n": north2, "w": west2, "e": east2, "s": south2, "look": look2, "help": help2}
  first[First]()
  
  

def help2():
  print("""

To move, type “n” or “north” to go in the northern direction "s” to go in the southern direction, “e” to go east, and “w” to go west.
  You can also go up or down, if the situation suits those commands. 
  "Look" will give you a description of the area. "Pick up" will put an object into your inventory, which has a limited capacity. 
  Type "help" to find a list of commands and actions.""")
  tavern_floor()


def look2():
  print("""

To your west is rickety bridge. 
    A wise looking tree is to your east, and  to your north is a farmhouse that looks like its falling apart.

     """)
  forest_floor()

  
def north1():
  print("You walk torward the farmhouse, but run into a group of forest nymphs.")
  print("You quickly count how many there are, but get to tired and stop halfway. All you know is that there is a lot.")
  print("They start running at you and shriking madly.")
  nymph = input("""What would you like to do?
  -Attack
  -Seduce
  -Run
  """).lower()
  if nymph == "attack":
    print("""You charge at them hoping to get a lucky punch. The one in the lead pushes you over and you get trampled on. 
    Before your mind went unconcious you could see them all looking at you hungrily.""")
    forest_floor()
  elif nymph == "seduce":
      print("You wake up the next morning ready to get on with your day.")
      farmhouse()
  else:
      forest_floor()
      
def farmhouse():
  print("""Before you is an old farmhouse. It appears empty and abandoned.
          This old and rusty shed is surrounded by old hay, and the rotting dead carcases of farm animals. 
          There is a large door waiting to be opened, but is locked tight by a large iron bolt.""")
  farm = input("""What would you like to do?
              -Key
              -Lockpick
              -Flee
              -Sneak
              """).lower()
  if farm == "lockpick":
    print("""You attemt to pick the lock with a wire you find on the ground. 
    The wire breaks the moment you put it into the lock. Feeling frustration you attack it with a wooden plank. 
    It also breaks.""")
    farmhouse()
  elif farm == "key":
    if farm_key == 1:
      print("The key unlocks he lock and you step inside.")
      farm_end()
    else:
      print("You dont have a key dumb dumb")
    farmhouse()
  elif farm == "sneak":
    print("""You try to go through a crack you see in the wall. 
    Suddenly you hit a wall that wasnt there before and get knocked back. It happens every time you do this.""")
  else:
    forest_floor()


def west1():
  global farmkey
  
  print("""As you walk along the leaf-strewn path, you notice that the woods become more dense. 
  The light of day is less visible as the trees grow larger and crowd together, their wide branches intertwining.
  Birds also seem to be less common here, except for the occasional caw of a crow or raven.""")
  print("You continue torward the direction of the bridge and you notice a smell.")
  print("""A TROLL has come across your path!!! It looks at you with its beady, almost beetle like eyes as sap drips from its mouth. 
  It throws a large axe in your direction, LOOK OUT!""")
  troll = input("""What would you like to do?
                  -Dodge
                  -Catch
                  -Flee
                  """).lower()
  if troll == "dodge":
    print("""You dodge the axe and it hit a rock sending it flying in the air. 
    When you look up the troll is dead with his own axe sticking up from his head.
    You search his body and kind a key. You try to cross the bridge but it colapses under you forcing you to retreat.""")
    farmkey += 1
  elif troll == "catch":
    print("""For some reason you decided to catch a hundred pound axe.
    Needles to say you lost your arm, but an angel came down and said "I will regrow your arm but you will have to start over" """)
    forest_floor()
    


    
def east1():
  if questcounter >= 1:
      print("To the east is a door, wich you walk through")
      first_story()
  else:
      print("You see a door but youre not strong enough yet please come back later.")
      tavern_floor()

      
def south1():
    print("A fireplace roars in front of you. You reach out to touch it and get burned.")
    tavern_floor()





